on the show we hidden toasts
antidepressants somewhere within a
one-mile radius of this studio if he can
solve the five cryptic clues ah over
over there
welcome to the technical difficulties
and tonight we start in America San
Francisco home of the Golden Gate cable
cars and hippies unfortunately we don't
have the budget to go there which is why
we're here
induced Roof home of more bed
manufacturers than anywhere else in
England
in San Francisco's Fisherman's Wharf one
man and his dog were preparing for a
race
they had a BMW I wasn't so lucky you'll
be racing using the power of the
Internet Google Street View and these
virtual reality goggles for the past few
years Google have been driving around
the world in special camera cars and
trikes making a giant digital version of
the world's roads we connected that to
state-of-the-art VR goggles so we're
seeing what Gary seeing on this monitor
this is not the way the internet was
meant to be seen on the other monitor a
live feed from the dashboard as our
driver went as fast as legally possible
through San Francisco to one go for it
we both jumped off the line our
destination Coit Tower
hayoung Telegraph Hill across the city
he was slightly faster but he had to do
with pedestrians I could plow straight
through them then it was up Hyde Street
passed cable cars he had to go right to
avoid an illegal turn onto Lombard
Street but traffic laws don't apply on
the internet I kept going then it was on
to Lombard Street one of the twistiest
streets in the world
Gary had trouble navigating curves that
Street View wasn't designed for but his
opponent was a throw and swung around
them with ease
there was just a straight shot to
Telegraph Hill left he was slightly
faster but he had to come to a full stop
after every single block and he had to
deal with tourists
it was neck and neck as we drove up the
final Hill okay
you got it ah there is I'm looking over
your tower now oh and that was it
Gary took the victory and the glory even
if after all that he was still into
spring how was that for you then Gary
you know what it was possibly the worst
experience I've ever had on a computer
because when you were doing it although
it looks there that I was moving on the
keyboard I wasn't actually
every time I move my head the screen
moved with him so when I had an itch on
my leg and I looked down no leg just a
flaw in the floor in San Francisco
rocket is so Lauren - yeah I was walking
on someone else's floor and every time I
wanted to turn instead of turning on the
keyboard I would actually just turn my
head carry on going straight over this
the equivalent of if you drive it I've
driven a straight line going up straight
is you just scrub Street now and this is
only one of two reasons why Brandon
isn't allowed to driver's license do I
do don't give up little bit let's
develop a bit
this is the battle the beer as usual
there are nine questions in three
categories between Gary and toast toast
you have to beat Gary score to win and
you win tonight's beer which is Matt
four cans of widely available lager now
Gary is good at trivia so you have one
advantage you can queue in the
distraction ATAR how I kick him in the
knees No ah but you can't ask for Matt
to come in and distract him at any point
during the game tonight distraction
later what's that Matt their portfolio
of pornography that's a good portfolio I
should say in the interests of equality
not all the pornography is a winner
sorry I am standing here and I'm about
to get show porn in public yes already
distracted I'm already distracted
both ready the first to shout out your
name gets a chance to answer my first
category is board games patented by
Charles Darrow and sold to Parker
Brothers in 1935 which board game has
versions for NASCAR Garrett is it
monopoly it is one-nil we are on a
standard Scrabble board how many triple
word score squares are der Gary Garrett
three younger Humbert over four no.81
wait hold on I'm in this round the ball
I still won nil which game includes a
marble a bucket a shootout Gary got the
Joker's he didn't need to hit the podium
he did I drop I'm sorry but before I
realize I rap buzzer but I want to
real-life buzzes up I can't go with
rainy out but the answer smell strident
let's do that because I look special my
guy feels it is mattre that's two-nil
your next camera off Gary's don't forget
in corporates but yeah I'm gonna have to
I'm to know behind shoes fractionating
you next can't agree is Joey's last
server color Paisley which musician was
part of stealers wheel of his biggest
solo hits in his album city to city
being Baker's toast guys
Oh Jerry I need to change the boundaries
of constituency Gary Gary gerrymandering
Memphis correct just what was the
original name of the cows
Jerry mouse are Tom Daley Alan Perry
free to keep it on that one the category
I finish at the end of the distraction
who's Ritu - Gary you last category is
horses what connects the name for the
fastest gauge of a horse and the polling
company no it's Gallup and hopefully
both these Swift
first plate impose are more than to
throw stones hole up how long - all
right three Altos you need this by now
equal to 101 point six millimeters or
four inches what's the name for the
measurement usually used to describe the
height of toast our spam no hands and
eyes before we go on I just want to tell
me there I'm a man of the world I lose
the internet before the book my god
thank you brother hey question from the
audience now these been sent in online
and from our lovely audience here forget
that hat
that's his hat plus his tongue as Tom
Scott's weekend hat nothing wrong with
me like rhinestone jacket Weetabix is
actually shredded secret government
papers recycled discuss fact next big
fella
good enough for me high in fiber high in
scandal which is the most effective
ghost hunter pac-man or Ghost Busters
neither Derek Acorah how many ghosts do
you find today who's like patmans let I
run away from a load there it goes like
70 yeah
let's bow to all of them yeah aunt Mindy
says hello yeah that's a fair point know
that you're right that pac-man legs it
from ghost is right have a go area and
only take Imam and the soft ghostbusters
I'll take anything any Sarge you pac-man
versus the marshmallow cream puffs Fame
permit which himself and run away no no
no no no I'm back in pikemen well just
pack mine spend all this time doing
chase in marshmallow yeah this is the
Stay Puft Marshmallow a slow but steady
process staple thinks he's got a fungal
infection toe drops off eight years
later enormous leaf at pacman rolls out
of New York and into the sea
misses that man's just like not hitting
that no more it's a fair point because
it would be a Fiat victory for pac-man
I'm not a victory Eric do you mean
garlic bit violent Eric whatever your
garlic bit this is tearing because there
was no phallic pictionary
okay and this is the Empire State
Building
a skyscraper the Space Needle generous
but now
despite the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man
yes I have extra limbs it's a hockey
puck Oh
sideways up
you guys know about the experiment we
did with toast
oh yeah ha have you been getting any
weird calls now oh I love you right okay
we should explain when bazzill little
experiment to find out what is the most
effective way to get charged to is
probably the show's most eligible
bachelor ah a debt or like yes thank you
so I was with taking seven crunches
their first one I would took out an ad
on a certain well-known dating site I
hate you ah when you're with your phone
number I hate you so much right now we
can see is the phrase good time
cool tongue well there's two things that
are accurate on we're definitely be time
and I am maybe 24 what I like on that is
the last entry down that Betty Lee says
is was it is there anyone who fancy a
suede now is that predictive text guy
also and who'd really like slightly
velvety material a bit too much
I mean context plus look at the there we
got athletic easygoing bachelor seeks
person oh it's funny because it's true
your phone your phone number just love
that that was back in October funny
calls any other no only from you know
knowing me which considering you don't
drink is remarkable so we know that um
did what we well we took a second to
brunch you can see that now that would
be this which we put up in oh oh in
another of London phone boxes oh that's
that's beautiful I'm gonna keep that
think of the pink outline just it just
makes it it makes it eligible for only
one type of clientele really but it does
Maggie kit it's long phone box you're
the kind it's make a point yeah I did
not realize this
well you can if you want Gary I don't
even know you felt that way I didn't
realize that we were doing this for the
show and I call that and it was engaged
so you you shouldn't been calling that
okay so and no phone calls no funny
calls after that okay well if neither
those work and figured there was only
one thing left to do and that was to go
to Cardiff
that is Cardiff are the capital of Wales
that is the busiest shopping street in
combat so revenue now there we go
they're only giant an amazing display
born is toast face and phone number now
that stinger it doesn't say what it's
for about by best t-shirt number always
and into the night grow beards
if that's not CG that actually Haggai is
actually there we pay for the advert
time on though we have to go through
Cardiff council and everybody turned
down for a good time call tom stop just
to point out that went past an entire
council Katie before it went up there I
think about guns I didn't even get a
call off the council members you seem to
be some spinster wrong that's all not at
all not at all and doesn't matter how
big you make me how flat you make me
knock offs behave the effort time it
didn't help you out or bot so I'll
cheers help yeah that's about the end
I've ever shown for thank you very much
for watching good night
you